What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Thoughts:
   When we initiliaze a repository, a .git file appears in the directory and now
	 we can use git commands to make changes in the files present in the directory.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
 What value do you think it offers?
Thoughts:
   A good way to commit the changes is one logical change per commit so if there
	 are two files, we want to add in single commit then we have to add it first
	 to staging area one by one and then we can commit them in bundle.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
 change?
 Thoughts:
   Suppose we have make changes in two files and that will count as one
   logical change then we can transfer those files into staging area and
   after passing these files into staging area we can commit them into
   single change.



What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
Thoughts:
   Branches are really helpful when you want to test new features but you
	 don't want to introduced in your master branch.
	 Suppose you want to make different language version of your app then
	 you can use the branch feature.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Thoughts:
   Diagrams helps you to visualize the branch structure, each commit is
	 related to their parent commit and if there is any commit which is not
	 related to any branch we can easily find out by diagrams.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
Thoughts:
   When we merge two branches then merge version will have all the changes
	 introduced in both branches.
	 suppose we are merging branch2 into branch1 then the command will be
	 git merge branch1 branch2, or git checkout brach1 and then
	 git merge branch2.

	 We represent it in the diagram the way we do because it helps us in
	 understanding and keep track of our merging. By representing it in
	 diagram we can understand the structure of commits in our repository.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
Thoughts:
   Git merges two branches automatically but if there are differences like
	 same function have different body in both branches then merging
	 conflict occurs and you have to do some fixing and then you have to
	 manually merge the branches.
